Awesome Url Shortener
Awesome

Url Shortener Services
SimpleURL - Free custom/private URL Shortner that also allows to Search Bookmarked URLs & Short URLs.
sor.bz - free customizable url shortener.
73.nu - Also offers LinkHub and Pastebin
bit.ly
bitly.kr - Korean URL Shortener Service
bl.ink
buff.ly
clicky.me
cutt.ly
Dub.co
fox.ly - Optimize your URL
gg.gg
han.gl - Korean URL Shortener Service
is.gd
KurzeLinks.de - Link shortener based in Germany.
kutt.it
LinkHuddle - Huddle multiple links in one link
LinkSplit
lstu.fr - Let's shorten that url
name.com - Powered by bli.nk
oe.cd - Only OECD-related URLs can be shortened on this website
Ow.ly
rebrandly.com
reduced.to
rip.to
san.aq - scott's url shortener (usable with curl)
short.io
shorten-url.com - Feature rich multi language service with affordable premium plan (lyn.bz domain)
shorturl.at
smallseotools
spoo.me - Shorten Your URLs, Not Your Possiblities
switchy.io
T2M
tinu.be
Tiny URL
T.LY
urlr.me - Reliable URL shortener that provide an API
v.gd
vo.la - Korean URL Shortener Service
yaso.su
zlnk.com - Smart Link management and URL shortner
Self Hosting Opensource
Dub.co - Open-source link management infrastructure
Eastlake - A short url system based on cloudflare worker.
kutt.it - Looks to both be a managed service, and self-hosted option, due to being open source on GitHub
lstu.fr - Another open source link shortener that provides an official instance at the same time
Polr - a quick, modern, and open-source link shortener. It allows you to host your own URL shortener, to brand your URLs, and to gain control over your data.
pygmy - An open-source, feature rich & extensible url-shortener + analytics written in Python.
reduced.to - Open-source user-friendly URL shortener with powerful analytics and management features.
san.aq - Open-source URL shortener with an HTTP API to shorten long url with curl.
shlink
Sink - ⚡ A Simple / Speedy / Secure Link Shortener with Analytics, 100% run on Cloudflare.
yourls
Deprecated Services
cutit.org - website suspended
git.io - deprecated from GitHub (2022-01-11)
goo.gl - deprecated from Google (2018-03-30)
Just-Moh-it/Pckd
LiveChat URL shortener - temporarily unavailable
me2.do - deprecated from Naver (2016-08-18)
s2r.co
soo.gd
hoy.kr
3.ly
